Added note on non-ascii characters not being supported (#6024)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/supported-open-source/postgresql/installing/windows.mdx

## Installing PostgreSQL

To perform an installation using the graphical installation wizard, you need superuser or administrator privileges.

!!!note Notes

>    - Multi-byte, non-ascii characters are not supported in user or machine names.

Author: ```suggestion
   - EDB doesn't support all non-ASCII, multi-byte characters in user or machine names. Use ASCII characters only to avoid installation errors related to unsupported path names.
```

>    - EDB doesn't support all non-ASCII, multi-byte characters in user or machine names. Use ASCII characters only to avoid installation errors related to unsupported path names.

Author: @josh-heyer I reworded this a bit to clarify that not all characters are affected and that it is an EDB installation limitation. I also added an active recommendation/alternative. WDYT?
